what's up guys T Ranger here and today
we're gonna look at the brand new items
that the devs of Ark survival evolved
just put in we have a metal spike wall
and preserving bin alright so I'm gonna
pull up my inventory here and first
thing we're gonna look at is the
preserving bin so here we go you can see
it burns simple fuels that low
temperatures to dehydrate food and kill
bacteria
alright so definitely gonna be good for
me that's for sure I won't I'm not sure
if it works for berries but uh I guess
there's only one way to find out alright
so we've got the preserving bin so we
can access the inventory and you start
perishable items alright so I guess you
can just put me and I believe spark
powder is what what burns it there you
go yeah so sorry not burns it that keeps
it preserved alright so there you go the
preserving bin is in action it is now
preserving our meat and that'll
definitely help a lot especially with
survival you need go out kill a ton of
dinosaurs and well now you can save all
that meat and I believe if you keep it
in there long enough it will turn into
beef jerky but I have not seen it myself
so I can't save sure but I know there is
beef jerky in the game I'm just not too
sure on how to get it yet but I believe
leaving the raw meat in there with a
good amount of spark powder will get you
beef jerky alright so now we've got
another item which is the metal spike
wall so I'm gonna go ahead and head
outside this probably is very useful not
probably it's definitely very useful
whoa why do I hear this epic music why
do I hear this epic music who wants to
fight who dares attack this base
it's a puma attacking my tribe mate I
shall assist him alright
sorry about that guys the saber-tooth is
dead so we may continue
alright so these metal walls are
definitely gonna be useful for defense
because right now there's really nothing
that will keep dinosaurs out of these
walls and they can just sit there
banging on all day so these metal spikes
damn they're big look at that look at
these spikes they're huge I did not
think they're gonna be like this at all
actually all right so let's let's just
go ahead and put one right here right by
this wall gosh look at that that is some
serious serious metal spikes look at
that well that is definitely going to
help with any large dinosaurs trying to
break into our base yeah look at dad
gosh now that that is some those are
some metal spikes I was expecting them
to be right up here around here you know
just a little high off the ground but no
no those are those are some metal spikes
not playing around at all not playing
around next time a t-rex comes by he's
gonna have to say hello to these spikes
alright guys well we've seen the
preserving bin great addition to the
game keeping me we've seen the metal
spike walls definitely very awesome our
base got raided just yesterday and well
those metal spikes definitely would have
helped so I'm glad they're in the game
made one as soon as possible probably
gonna line the walls and especially the
entrances up with more more of those who
I'm lagging over here don't mind me I'm
just grabbing one of these pro supply
drops let's see what we get actually
you've gonna see it live long that rifle
eleven rounds and two grenades sweet
alright guys so the last thing I want to
show you is they also added a new
dinosaur and that dinosaur is a
Spinosaurus so as you can see here we've
got a Spinosaurus here looks aggressive
looks scary don't want to mess around
with it and I guess it does not help at
all that we are very close to water so
we're definitely going to be running
into them Spinosaurus is quite
frequently I can imagine definitely can
swim fast in water want to stay away
from that don't want to get eaten and if
the Spinosaurus wants to come say hello
to our base well then then metal spikes
will be waiting for them
alright guys well T Ranger here head nap